Add config sending mails over message queue (#282)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/infrastructure/message-queue.md

        transports: ["default"]
```

### Sending Mails over the Message Queue

> By default sends Shopware the Mails synchronous. This can affect the page speed. You can switch it to use the Message Queue with an small configuration change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Shopware sends the mails synchronously. Since this can affect the page speed, you can switch it to use the Message Queue with a small configuration change.
```
